Update Sign in with Apple docs (#2123)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/social-connections/apple.mdx

Enabling OAuth via [Sign in with Apple](https://developer.apple.com/sign-in-with-apple/) allows your users to sign in and sign up to your Clerk app with their Apple ID.

> [!NOTE]

> > This guide explains how to configure Sign in with Apple for web based flows. To configure native Sign in with Apple on native applications (iOS), please see [**Sign in with Apple**](/docs/references/ios/sign-in-with-apple).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This guide explains how to configure Sign in with Apple for web based flows. To configure native Sign in with Apple on native applications (iOS), see the [dedicated guide](/docs/references/ios/sign-in-with-apple).
```
